OIDC and Readonly helm configs (#785)
kubecost/docs: user-management-oidc.md

To remove a previously set Helm value, you will need to set the value to an empty string: `.Values.oidc.hostedDomain = ""`. To validate that the config has been removed, you can check the `/var/configs/oidc/oidc.json` inside the cost-model container.

> ## Readonly mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Read-only mode
```

Author: Thanks!

> Kubecost's OIDC supports readonly mode. This leverages OIDC for authentication, then assigns all authenticated users as readonly users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubecost's OIDC supports read-only mode. This leverages OIDC for authentication, then assigns all authenticated users as read-only users.
```
